Everything we see around us, right from the moment we step outside our home is part of nature. The trees, animals, landscape, flowers, trees, breeze, sunlight, everything that makes our surroundings so beautiful and mesmerizing are part of nature. Nature does not arise spontaneously but needs years and years to bloom and blossom.
According to researchers, nature we see today has developed in 4.5 billion years. Initially, the earth was not sustainable for any kind of living thing. The atmosphere had no to very little oxygen, and the same was the case with water. The land made of molten magma and the atmosphere was toxic to survive. Slowly, the earth cooled down, and life started blooming on it. It began to rain, and nature, as we see today, was formed. This nature then gifted the earth with living creatures like animals, birds, and finally, humans.
It is the Mother Nature who never harms us but always nurtures us. By providing us fruits and vegetables, it nurtures our body. By providing us water hydrates our body, and by providing oxygen, it cleanses our body. It is usually seen that people who live close to nature, especially the villagers live a somewhat happy life as compared to the people living amidst the high hovering skyscrapers. Nature provides our ears sweet sound of birds, rejuvenates us with fresh air, breeze fills our soul with joy, and inspires to flow like the river. Nature provides the raw material for economic development as well.
Unfortunately, humans today are polluting nature in such a way that the healing pace has fallen slowly. The use of plastic, emission of CO2, production of industrial waste, increased use of chemicals, deforestation, poaching, and oil spillage in water bodies are serious concerns today. These are not only polluting nature and are also degrading the quality of the environment needed for the survival of not only animals and birds but also humans.
Nature has inspired not only poets and writers but also the common man. All the great poets and writers like William Wordsworth have always given the nature a significant space in their writings and musings. Nature has the power to take us to the place of peace and imagination to free the emotions that been locked inside us. If those emotions and feelings get freed, then there is immense power in them to bring on the changes that are unexpected. Many people are currently working and getting linked with the nature conservation organizations to preserve and enhance the nature and beauty around us.
By taking small steps like planting trees, using biodegradable materials, stopping water pollution, animal conversation, and keeping our surroundings clean, we can help Mother Nature to breathe again and rejuvenate in the same way it helps us.
Good awareness helps our generations to keep the eyes open of our environment. We, as the young generations are too young to deal with the nature, but we still have right to manage it.
The younger generations inherit the world as we have the responsibility to take care of this planet.
The Earth comes as the most important shelter for us and incoming generations in the future. I am glad to emphasize that selfish is not our general attitude.
The universal should learn by heart that we will not stay longer in this world and it will be inherit to a new generations as the heir of conditioning. It means that we have only one wonderful world and we share it together for years.
We should recognize the value of being kind. Sorrowfully I say, where I come from, people do not generally appreciate nature which is so sad. Although some community never interfere the nature, I still solute the progressive countries.
We should think for some strategies to ensure the nature is in a good condition. For example, we should plant more green plants to give us more oxygen. I always accept as true this idiom, where there is a will, there is way because a burden of one has own choice is not felt. Honestly, I appeal for something make aware of our environment in the future.
Nowadays, the younger generations are the heir s of the modern technology addiction which seems to be doing more harm than good to themselves and the environment. Too much development has lead to pollution and destruction of the nature. As a result, the temperature of the Earth’s surface rises. This effect is called the greenhouse effect. The increase in temperature will result in changes in climate.
For example, certain places may experience droughts. The rate of photosynthesis may decrease. The amounts of agricultural food products will drop. This shows that our community has no respect for nature. In order to keep our environment clean, we must maintain and protect our environment reduce those problems. We should realise that keeping the air clean is our duty. Therefore, we should practise good habits that help to keep the air clean.
My suggestion for scientists or inventor is to create and invent new environmentally-friendly modern technology to overcome this addiction. The new environmentally-friendly modern technology is very useful and important for us and the environment.
It is very good to teach our young generation to love and appreciate the nature. Otherwise, we should take part in any environment campaigns which lead us to be kind to the Earth. It is important to keep the environment clean so that all living things continue to live in comfort and safety.
The Earth sacrifices many things for us. Don’t we realise that? Yes, we never appreciate it. Therefore, today I would like to encourage my friends to be kind to our nature. It will be easy if we want. Lastly, I would like to remind my friends and even myself for always remember that we only have one world that will be inherit by one generation to another. So, be respect nature and live in harmony with it.
